Add starter kit samples (#23)
adobe/adobe-commerce-samples: starter-kit/customize-ingestion-webhook/README.md

  --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  --data '{
    "data": {
        "uid": "${UUID}",
        "event": "external_provider.customer_created.v1.0",
        "value": {
            "PersonFirstName": "Test",
            "PersonLastName": "Customer",
            "PersonMiddleName": "AC",
            "PrimaryContactEmail": "${UNIQUE_EMAIL_ADDRESS}",
            "CustomerGroupId": "30",
            "SalesCurrencyCode": "USD",
            "PrimaryContactPhone": "555-555-1234",
            "PartyType": "Person",
            "AddressStreet": "1 Test Street",
            "AddressCountryRegionISOCode": "US",
            "AddressZipCode": "00210",
            "AddressCity": "Portsmouth",
            "AddressState": "NH",
            "AddressLocationRoles": "Invoice",
            "AddressDescription": "Test Billing",
            "DeliveryAddressStreet": "2 Test Avenue",
            "DeliveryAddressCountryRegionISOCode": "US",
            "DeliveryAddressZipCode": "00210",
            "DeliveryAddressCity": "Portsmouth",
            "DeliveryAddressState": "NH",
            "DeliveryAddressDescription": "Test Delivery"
        }
    }
}'
```

## More information

> To learn more about Adobe Commerce integration starter kit visit the [Developer docs](https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/extensibility/starter-kit/).

Reviewer: For this one and other occurrences, should we say  Adobe Commerce Integration Starter Kit?

Author: No, it is correctly capitalized. At least, this is the capitalization format used in the dev docs. E.g. https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/extensibility/starter-kit/
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/70ed24b0-76ef-4be3-8ab3-7ba256452949)

# Customize Event Ingestion Webhook

> This sample code shows how to customize the event ingestion webhook provided by the Adobe Commerce integration starter kit.

Author: Linked to [ingestion webhook](https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/extensibility/starter-kit/events/#ingestion-webhook) instead in c1b532d

The customizations implemented in the sample code include:
- mapping the incoming event name to the event name configured in the external event provider
- trimming the incoming event data to match the data expected by the external event

## Getting Started

To get started with these samples, follow these steps:

1. Clone the [Adobe Commerce integration starter kit](https://github.com/adobe/commerce-integration-starter-kit) repository
   ```bash
   git clone git@github.com:adobe/commerce-integration-starter-kit.git
   ```
2. Navigate to the cloned directory
   ```bash
   cd commerce-integration-starter-kit
   ```
3. Override the `commerce-integration-starter-kit` files with the files from the sample you want to use
   ```bash
   cp -r <path-to-sample-folder>/* .
   ```
4. Install and deploy the starter kit following the instructions in the [README](https://github.com/adobe/commerce-integration-starter-kit/blob/main/README.md)

## Usage

> After installation and configuration, the event ingestion webhook can be activated by running the following command in a terminal

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After installation and configuration, activate the event ingestion webhook by running the following command in a terminal.
```
